[23264] Add `DataWriter` sample prefilter documentation (#1077)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/publisher/dataWriter/publishingData.rst

    :start-after: //DDS_DATAWRITER_LOAN_SAMPLES
    :end-before: //!
    :dedent: 8

.. _dds_layer_publisher_prefiltering:

Prefiltering out DataReaders
----------------------------

> User can use an overloaded of the |DataWriter::write-api| providing a |WriteParams-api| structure.
> One of the members of this latter structure is the |WriteParams-user_write_data-api| in which the user
> can store extra information to be used by the prefiltering mechanism.
> 
> By implementing the |IContentFilter-api| and passing it to the DataWriter with |DataWriter::set_sample_prefilter|,
> user can prevent the DataWriter from sending samples to the matched DataReaders based on both:
> the content of the sample (|SerializedPayload_t-api|) and/or the |WriteParams-user_write_data-api|
> within |FilteredSampleInfo::user_write_data-api|.
> If the return value of |IContentFilter::evaluate-api| is ``false``, the sample will not be sent to the DataReader
> identified by its |Guid_t-api| in the method's input argument.
> It is strongly recommended that the |IContentFilter::evaluate-api| implementation does not perform any blocking
> operation neither use the DataWriter, as this may lead to deadlocks or undesired behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user can use an overload of the |DataWriter::write-api| method that allows providing a |WriteParams-api| structure.
One of the members of this latter structure is the |WriteParams-user_write_data-api| in which the user
can store extra information to be used by the prefiltering mechanism.

By implementing the |IContentFilter-api| and passing it to the DataWriter with |DataWriter::set_sample_prefilter|,
the user can prevent the DataWriter from sending samples to the matched DataReaders based on both:
the content of the sample (|SerializedPayload_t-api|) and/or the |WriteParams-user_write_data-api|
within |FilteredSampleInfo::user_write_data-api|.
If the return value of |IContentFilter::evaluate-api| is ``false``, the sample will not be sent to the DataReader
identified by its |Guid_t-api| in the method's input argument.
It is strongly recommended that the |IContentFilter::evaluate-api| implementation neither performs any blocking
operation nor uses the DataWriter, as this may lead to deadlocks or undesired behavior.
```
